### Homework 2 : Markov chains and NLP

#### Specific requirements

write a class called `SourceModel` with the following constructors and methods: 
- A single constructor with two `String` parameters, where the first parameter is the name of the source model and the second is the file name of the corpus file for the model. The constructor should create a letter-letter transition matrix using this recommended algorithm sketch:
    - Initialize a 26x26 matrix for character counts
    - Print "Training {name} model..."
    - Read the corpus file one character at a time, converting all characters to lower case and ignoring any non-alphabetic character.
    - For each character, increment the corresponding `(row, col)` in your counts matrix. The row is for the previous character, the col is for the current character. (You could think of this in terms of bigrams)
    - After you read the entire corpus file, you'll have a matrix of counts.
    - From the matrix of counts, create a matrix of probabilities - each row of the transition matrix is probability distribution
        - A prob in a distribution sums to 1. to turn counts into probabilities, divide each count by the sum of all the counts in a row. 
    - Print "done", followed by a newline character.

- A `getName` method with no parameters which returns the name of the `SourceModel`
- A `toString` method which returns a `String` representation of the model like the one shown below under Running Your Program in jshell
- A `probability` method which takes a `String` representation and returns a `double` which indicates the probability  that the test string was generated by the source model, using the transition probability matrix created in the constructor. Here's a recommended algorithm:
    - initialize the probability to 1.0
    - for each two-character sequences of characters in the test string `test`, `c_i and c_i+1 for i = 0 to test.length()-1`, multiply the probability by the entry in the transition prob matrix for the c_1 to c_2 transition, which should be found in row c_i and column c_i+1 in the matrix. (You could also think of the indices as c_i-1 , c_i for i = 1 to test.length() - 1.)

- A `main` method that makes `SourceModel` runnable from the command line. Your program should take 1 or more corpus file names as command line arguments followed by a quoted string as the last argument. The program should create models for all the corpora and test the string with all the corpora. Heres an algorithm sketch:
    - the first n-1 arguments to the program are corpus file names to use to train models. Corpus files are of the form .corpus 
    - the last argument to the program is a quoted string to test.
    - Create a `SourceModel` object for each corpus
    - Use the models to compute the probability that the test text was produced by the model 
    - Probabilities will be very small. Normalize the probabilities of all the model predictions to a probability distribution (so they sum to 1) (closed world assumption, we only state probabilities relative to models we have)
    - Print results of analysis

    
